Which airport is located in Maine, Sacramento International Airport or Knox County Regional Airport?
Peter Hobbs founded the company that is based in what town in Manchester?
Were both Gabriela Mistral and G. K. Chesterton authors?
What city, other than San Jose del Cabo, is at the the southern tip of Baja California Peninsula and is also encompassed in the Los Cabos Municipality?
Sky High starred the actress who is married to which actor?
What event occured at the Red Bull Arena in Salzburg, Austria and Switzerland in 2008?
Sir Thomas Kyriell was executed after which battle from the Wars of the Roses?
An actress nominated for 20 academy awards was featured on a TV series about genealogical research of 12 americans hosted by whom?
Which movement was lead by the poet who is included among those David S. Reynolds is an expert on?
Al-Battani and Ibn al-Shatir, have which mutual occupation?
"Lisa's Rival" is the second episode of "The Simpsons"' sixth season, which American actress guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School?
Who introduced the Ultimate Boeing 747 gambit in response to the idea that there must be a god if there appears to be a deliberate design in the natural world?
Which magazine was published weekly vs every weekday, Aeon or Life?
What is the current name of the club that Agustin Lionel Allione plays for?
The composer of Massu Engira Masilamani began his musical career when he composed the film score for what movie?
Who has more scope of profession, E. L. Doctorow or Julia Peterkin?
When the group who murdered Jaime Zapata form their own criminal organization?
What character did this actor, who also played a supporting role in Sleepy Hollow, play in the final six Harry Potter films?
What T.V. show did the episode Colonel Homer air on?
 Chairmen of the Bored is an album that references a joke made by a cast member of what series?
STS-7 was NASA's seventh Space Shuttle mission carried the first American woman in space in 1983 who name was?
Shottenstein Store Corp's primary holders are Jerome Shottenstein, and what other entrepreneur that was born in 1954?
Which is from farther west, Woman's Viewpoint or Al Jamila?
What was the duck character's name in the Disney cartoon with the music that sounded like The Mexican Hat Dance?
What instrument did Shannon Leto play in his band Thirty Seconds to Mars?
What musical did Dan Domenech perform in that was based on a book by Jack Murphy and Gregory Boyd?
Who lived longer, Lothar von Richthofen or  Wolfram Freiherr von Richthofen ?
Which court case occurred first, Phillips v. Martin Marietta Corp. or United States v. Miller
Andrew Jaspan is the co-founder of a website that launched in which year ?
Were Richard Bach and Paul Celan from the same country?
Ernest Davies' successor was born on what date?
What was the nationality of the comedian who died the day after the final filming of a show featuring "Father Ted?"
WikiLeak: Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy tells the story of a leak by a soldier born with what full name?
David Snoke co-published a paper in 2004 with what Lehigh University professor?
The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland was a 1999 film which involved the use of puppets from a puppeteer who was also the voice of what character from "Star Wars"?
Which company is in the discount travel market, The Walt Disney Company or Priceline.com?
Chris Bosh took over the role of fan favorite, and face/leader of the Raptors from the man who played for what team?
What was the name of a United Stated Army officer during World War 2 and served again later in the Korean war and was later featured on a HBO miniseries where his character was played by played by Matthew Settle?
Jean-Baptiste Andrea wrote and directed what 2003 French horror drama that was remade in 2014?
When was the founder of The City of Oxford High School for Boys born?
Uyirodu Uyiraga was a film that starred the Indian actor who participated in what 2004 sporting event?
The Creators and Best Boy were both produced before 2000 ?
What is the name of the chartered trade company in which Jan Valckenburgh served as an assistant trader?
What type of institution are Kathmandu University and Brown University?
Which league does the team, where Alan McNeill played for in Oldham, compete in?
Which filmmaker created the award winning film "La battaglia di Algeri", Takashi Miike or Gillo Pontecorvo?
The best know of Austrian author Leopold von Sacher-Masoch's works was made into a French film in what year?
What is the 2011 census population of this village and civil parish in Lincolnshire, England, where High Dyke road runs between it and Colsterworth?
What year was the football player drafted that Nick Collin intercepted in Super Bowl XLV?
Chuck Jones directed a Warner Bros version of Jack and the Beanstalk in 1955. Elmer Fudd was the giant, and who played Jack?
What is one of the oldest beverages humans have produced with recipes found in Sumerian writings?
What U.S. Navy battleship was in the movie Under Siege and was also the last battleship commissioned by the United States?
What UNESCO World Heritage Site is located in Tamar Ziskind's hometown?
Which British Olympic gold medalist participated in a boxing club, located on the Lancaster West Estate, during his youth?
What journalist born in 1966 served on the staff of a satirical monthy magazine published from 1986 to 1998?
Were the bands Adam Again and Mastodon active at the same time?
What do the roots that the alternative name of a Haugtusse derive from mean?
 Semi-Tough is a 1977 American comedy film starring  an American actor and host for "Tattletales", "Super Password" and what other show?
Al Hirt played the theme song for the ABC US television series starring whom?
The movie "3 Ninjas" was released by which American film distribution label of Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures?
In which town was the subject of the nursery rhyme with Roud Fold Song Index number of 7622 born in?
Which Australian actress and musician starred in little Miss Sunshine ?
At what university in Georgia is Scott Lilienfeld a psychology professor?
The professional ice hockey league that the Peoria Rivermen are part of is based in what state?
Which national park is located in more provinces, Sierra Nevada National Park or Monfragüe?
"Gone with the Wind" is set during what era?
The actor that played Sandy Stumphill in the sitcom "Flo" also stars with Mary McDonnell and Alfre Woodard in a 1992 film written by who?
What film type has been around since the early years of Korean cinema and includes Whispering Cooridors as an example?
Which Premier League team does the Nike Hypervenom-wearing, Belgian footballer play for?
Who was formerly editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics, Arnold Bennett or Stan Lee ?
In which film did Shirley Henderson appear with Tilda Swinton
Where was the second most penalized brawl in the NBA?
Who directed the film in which Matthew Lintz plays Matty?
How many acres of land is the Box Moor Trust responsible for to include the parishes of Hemel Hempstead and Bovingdon?
What type of fils are the Blue Vinyl and Girl 27?
What recognitions did David Alan Mamet receive for the play "Glengary Glen Ross?"
Which documentary film was released first, "Seal Island" or "Paper Clips" (about the Paper Clips Project)?
When was the leader of "Citizens for Constitutional Freedom" born? 
Drivers Republic was founded in March 2008 by Steve Davies together with Richard Meaden; a co-founder of Evo, a British automobile magazine dedicated to what?
Tourist Season, which is the first solo novel by Carl Hiaasen was written in what year?
What was the 2010 census population of the county in which Dry Valley, Nevada is located?
What year did Les Scadding win the EuroMillions lottery?
What is the nationality of the person who played drums in the supergroup Planet Us?
Mark of the Gorilla is 1950 Jungle Jim film that starred an actor best known for playing which character ?
 Les nuits d'été is a song cycle by a romantic composer who made significant contributions to the modern orchestra with what?
The 2001 Rockingham 500 was a Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) motor race held on 22 September 2001 at the Rockingham Motor Speedway in Corby, Northamptonshire, England, which Swedish former race car driver, finished second for Team Rahal?
What did Wendy Toye and Paul Schrader both do for an occupation?
Which private, nonsectarian institution has a famous artist featured in major museum solo shows?
Which breed of hound is known by more names, the Austrian Black and Tan Hound or the Tyrolean Hound?
What album has the song Stray Heart and was released through Reprise Records?
What is the name of the album by the English rock band Arctic Monkeys that features the song Cornerstone
Who was born first, American novelist Tom Robbins or marine biologist Rachel Carson?
What member of nobility does Dalmeny House and Barnbougle Castle have in common?
Joel Meyerowitz taught photography at what privately funded college located in Cooper Square in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan?
What country does Andhra Pradesh Randomized Evaluation Studies ande Azim Premji have in common?
Which singer debuted as a member of Super Junior and released a mini album called Spring Falling?
What country is the movie Waisa Bhi Hota Hai Part II and singer Shibani Kashyap from?
Which prominent mathematician in the Bernoulli family did Jakob II Bernoulli study under?
Which genus contais more species, Crowea or Zamioculcas?
The non-profit organization, Simon Youth Foundation's parent company is an American commercial real estate company and also the largest what in the United States?
The actress who played Margaret in The Wars of the Roses was of what nationality?
The Nutcracker and the Four Realms is an upcoming film staring an actress who made her film debut when? 
This EA video games series with Sweedish developers featured Frostbrite game engine before any other games of it's kind?
"On a Good Night" is a song written by Larry Boone, Don Cook and Paul Nelson, and recorded by Tony Wade Hayes, is an American country music artist, that signed to which organization?
Who is the current director for the state pageant title that went on to win the 2006 Miss USA pageant?
What is the chemical formula of the kind of ash of which Middlewich Folk and Boat Festival celebrates the raw materials needed for the manufacturing?
The character Michael Guerin in the tv series "Roswell" is played by an actor that plays what role on "The Night Shift"?
Who did Seymour Heller represent?
Rich Kids were a short-lived new wave band from London, founded in 1977 by Glen Matlock, the band also included which Scottish musician, singer-songwriter and producer, and future Ultravox member?
What kind of compound is Oxalic acid?
What film is a remake of the 1975 Disney film "Escape to Witch Mountain", Phineas and Ferb or Race to Witch Mountain?
Which film based on a novel written by Mary Hayley Bell in 1959, had cast member Ashley Lloyd?
Where is the hockey team based on with which  Sebastian Strandberg most recently played?
In what county is the university at which Walter Oechel teaches located?
From which city comes the band that put out the album "Nothing Is Sound"?
Who is a guest rapper in the song "Frankie Sinatra" and whose debut studio album was named "The Hybrid"?
Bill Erwin played the bellhop Arthur in a 1980 movie that was adapted from what novel?
What is the name of the Brewery in Germany, which shares its name with German basketball Oettinger Rockets club sponsor?
When was the English poet, painter, and printmaker died who wrote the poem "A Poison Tree"?
Russian Dolls, is a 2005 French-British film, the sequel to "L'Auberge Espagnole", a 2002 French-Spanish film, directed and written by who?
What profession have both Guy Manos and Stanley Kramer held?
Julin Bristol is the codename given to a nuclear weapon test conducted at the Nevada Test Site on 26 November 1991, as part of which United States's  nuclear test series was a group of 7 nuclear tests conducted in 1991–1992, the final series of US nuclear tests, it was the last test explosion of a British nuclear weapon?
Barrier Device starred which Canadian actress, known for a role on "Grey's Anatomy", as a sex researcher?
Which Halime Hatun son was the leader of the Ottoman Turks and the founder of the Ottoman dynasty?
Family Circle and Avantages, are which forms of publication?
What's the nickname for Grodziskie, the beer from Poland with unusually high carbonation level?
Greenville, Indiana sits in a county of what population as of 2012?
In what year was the British historian who was arrested in 2005 for Holocaust denial in Austria born?
Suzy starred the actress who was a sex symbol of what decade?
In what year was the actress who played Holly Holliday in "New Directions" born?
Liquid computing was coined in July 2014 by which information technology media business formerly The Intelligent Machines Journal?
Alan Schilke is an engineer who made is mark on a steel roller coaster operating at Six Flags Magic Mountain which is located where?
Lane Boy was written by the musical duo hailing from which Ohio city?
The leader of the band that came out with Monuments to an Elegy was born on what date?
Were "Oceans" and "Race to Witch Mountain" released in the same year?
What kind of persona does the artist who released Special Herbs, Vols. 4, 5 & 6 adopt?
Community is an American television sitcom that follows an ensemble cast, including what actress who played Trudy Campbell in the AMC drama Mad Men?
What was a brief but violent period of civil unrest in response to the Maine law, who's opponents of an American Prohibition advocate and politician Nicknamed the "Napoleon of Temperance" rioted ?
What is the country of origin of Brian Stepanek and the film The Island?
Chilly sings its popular songs such as 'Come to L.A.' and 'Simply a Love Song' in what language?
Geraldine "Gerry" Cowper, an English actress who is best known for playing Rowan Morrison in The Wicker Man, a 1973 British mystery horror film, directed by who?
Which cricketer is the younger brother of Jack Lindwall and played top-flight rugby league football with St. George?
Which author was born first, Lorraine Hansberry or Sandra Gulland?
Which co-founder of DreamWorks Studios directed two movies starring Pacharo Mzembe?
Which state was this American lawyer and Republican politician from, who started his new position in 2017 backed by Trump but failed to work well with the senior White House adviser Don Benton?
Which character is nicknamed "The Mountain" and played by Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson in the TV version of Game of Thrones?
Which mountain is higher, Broad Peak or Skyang Kangri?
What British-American actor born in 1952 starred in The Last Castle?
When was the group founded which recorded the song Play Something Country ?
The Nakajima Ki-87 was a type of fighter aircraft designed specifically to attack what?
Sid Haig had a role in the exploitation horror film released in what year?
Between University of Wyoming and Clarkson University, which institution was founded earlier?
Guitarist Dave Gregory is known best for his work with a rock band  lead by what two songwriters?
Which episode of Glee is named after a power ballad from the 1973 Aerosmith debut album?
In what city does Mike Carey coach women's basketball ?
Bill Harry is the creator of the publication that was founded in what city?
What 1980s soap opera did the actress, who also starred in "The Omega Code," become notable for?
The Wave is the debut solo studio album by the English singer-songwriter Tom Chaplin, best known as the lead singer of which British pop rock band?
Are Jenůfa and The Knot Garden operas?
The Three Bogatyrs, is an animated franchise produced by which one of the largest animation studios in Russia, and also the most successful and profitable animation studio in Russia?
Where did the actor performing the voice of Bleeding Gums Murphy in the Simpsons grow up?
The Girl In 14G is a song by the composer of what nationality?
What is the name of the comedian that uses one-liner jokes and was born on September 15?
Who was born first, Milan Kundera or Daniil Kharms?
For what was the person with which Phair began the production on his album noted?
What album took over two years to create and contained a song written with the help of Julia Michaels?
Did Daphne and Iolanta premiere within 5 years of each other?
Matt Harrigan created and hosts which American talk show on Adult Swim?
The Missouri Rhineland is a geographical area located mostly in a valley that is how long?
Are the poets Lavinia Greenlaw and Marge Piercy of the same nationality?
where is the Dunn memorial bridge located
Which magazine Decibel or Skeptic is published more frequently ?
In which soap opera did Australian star of The Duel play Josh Taylor?
Run was covered by what actor and singer from Derry, Northern Ireland, who won the Glee Project on August 21, 2011?
Wicksteed Park is the second oldest theme park in the UK, with the oldest being a park that is owned by the Dabell family, and has a sister park named what?
PostNL is a mail, parcel and e-commerce corporation listed at a stock exchange formerly known as what?
What country of origin does Smitty and Louis Gossett Jr. have in common?
What former host at TVB later starred in Love as a Predatory Affair?
What animal does Havanese and Alpine Dachsbracke have in common?
Are the bands Flow and Against the Current from the same country?
Where are the studios of the station that broadcasts "The Dave Bussey Show"?
What studio album self-released on 10 October 2007 as a pay-what-you-want download, has a a song which sees frontman Thom Yorke singing of obsession and unrequited love?
Situated on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Luxor, the famous tomb TT34 is located in which ancient city?
Which Queen of England and Ireland who lived from 18 February 1516 - 17 November 1558 did Sir George Howard serve under?
WTMA (branded as News Talk 1250 WTMA) is an AM radio station licensed to Charleston, South Carolina with a Talk radio format, it includes which nationally syndicated talk show, Michael Savage, is an American radio host, author, activist, nutritionist, and conservative political commentator, host of which nationally syndicated talk show?
Who's husband was a British historian who wrote and lectured on Bhutanese, Tibetan and Himalayan culture and history, who starred in a French-British biographical film directed by Luc Besson?
Which Supreme Commander of the Irish Defence Forces' father was executed by the nascent Irish Free State?
What year was S. Aishwarya's grandmother born in?
What Village People song was released as a medley with their song "Hot Cop"?
Who was the Global Risk Executive of Bank of America, who had   the former CEO, president, and chairman of Bank of America announce "agreed she would retire," after a surge in credit losses led to a government bailout?
When was the Actress who starred in Our Sons with Ann-Margret born?
 "Candy" is a duet with Iggy Pop and Kate Pierson, an American vocalist, lyricist, and one of the singers and founding members of what group?
What position did the founder of Porteswart F.C.'s home ground, Mullaghacall, play for Northern Ireland?
What do Scandal and More Cattle, Less Bull have in common?
Rosie Webster's father is played by an actor who has played that same role since what year?
What size population does the County Connection public transit in Concord, California service?
Joy Wants Eternity is a five piece post-rock band from which city, it can be surmised that the name of the band is a reference to the philosophical poem Zarathustra's roundelay of Friedrich Nietzsche's Thus Spoke Zarathustra?
Who is the composer of the eleventh studio album from the Beach Boys?
The director of Jack the Giant Slayer is the founder of what production company?
What type of government position does Bourke's parrot and Richard Bourke have in common?
Who was this German actor who appeared in "Aguirre, the Wrath of God" (1972) and "And God Said to Cain" (1970)?
What is the birthday of the older person among Chelsea Noble and Kirk Cameron?
What computer program does MGM wireless provide to run on a mobile device?
The Tamasheq language is spoken principally in an area located 20 km north of what river?
Calcutta Youth Choir was set up in 1958 by Ruma Guha Thakurta with an Indian music composer who was also a poet and a what?
what aviation service operates based in Orlando,Florida that had an incident killing all seven people involved?
Which state did this male American academic and politician serve as a senator under whom Natalie Ravitz was a prominent staffer?
What day was the book published that was illustarted alongside Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz?
The building Henry Crown owned from 1951 to 1961 is how many feet tall?
What year was the ship, in which Sink the Belgrano! was based on, listed as out of service?
Belgrave Heights Christian School is located in a low mountain range with its highest mountain rising to how many meters ?
When was the American Democratic politician which was the governor of 185th New York State Legislature born?
What Vietnam War veteran was associated with Within the Rock?
what does Seen It All: The Autobiography and Boosie Badazz have in common?
Richard Bartlett Schroder, Jr. debuted in which 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli?
When was the company, of which Ernest Walter Hives was one time chairman, founded ?
Which of the actors featured in "Look Who's Talking" became popular in the 1960s and 1970s for playing both dramatic and comedic roles?
Kevin Bulmer was a contributor to a magazine published by what British games manufacturer?
 "One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish" is the eleventh episode of 22 episdoes that season that aired between what dates?
Frank Fertitta Jr was the founder of Station Casinos based in what county?
Bally's & Paris station is located in which city?
The Simpson's episode "Das Bus" is a parody of a novel by what author?
In the Claws of Brightness was originally serialized  in the magazine that has been published since what year?
When was the Australian-British dancer who was one of the judges of "Strictly Come Dancing" born
Who was born first Scipio Africanus or Santiago Posteguillo ?
Thomas Bell Polla lead what group that wanted to annex territories in Mexico and Central America?
Between Nikos Kazantzakis and Thomas Sigismund Stribling, who had more diverse job experiences?
Bequest to the Nation was a film that depicted a relationship that included which model and mistress of Lord Nelson?
In regards to the person who was a Member of Parliament for the Leigh constituency before Jo Platt, what year was that person born?
What Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam can claim Sven Westendorp as a supporter?
In which 2016 film starred one of the voice actors from Fable III?
According to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2010 data, what was the population of the birthplace of Max Emerson?
What is the name of the winner of Celebrity Big Brother 10's dog?
Bret Alan Stafford is a former American football player, who records have since been surpassed by which American football quarterback, who is currently a free agent?
Which is from farther South, Saving Abel or Joy Division?
Call a spade a spade has been used in literary works by what British playwright, novelist, and short story writer who was reportedly the highest-paid author during the 1930s?
Who are the two main characters of the animated Cartoon Network series that Boulder Media is best known for?
In which 2014 American romantic teen drama, based on the novel of the same name by John Green, did Ansel Elgort play the character Augustus Waters?
Who did Timothy L. Spall portray in the film "The Enfield Haunting"?
What is the name of this American actress, musician, and director, borh in October 1989, who starred in Sleepover?
What actress from 2015 film "The Rumperbutts" is also known for roles on "Pretty Little Liars", "Suits" and "Blue Bloods"?
André Gide, in 1947, won the prize named after which philanthropist?
Nick Pollotta, was an American author, he is best known for his humorous novels, including which science-fiction novel, with Phil Foglio, an American cartoonist and comic book artist best known for his humorous science fiction and fantasy art?
Backmasking is a sound recording effect, that deliberately reverses which media?
The Australian women's national soccer team represents Australia in international women's soccer at the senior level, the team's official nickname is the Matildas, their  best-known bush ballad, that has been described as the country's "unofficial national anthem", is titled?
What song, co-produced by a man who currently resides in New York City, released on September 10 and in the song Rihanna demands physical attention from her lover?
In what War was Prince Christoph of Hesse accidentally killed?
What year was the director of Child of God born?
What football position did Lopes' former boyfriend play?
What was the series name of a reality show where Gemma Clare Collins took part for only three days?
What profession did Charles Brabin and Karl Freund share?
Which team defeated the 49ers by 34-31 in the 2013 Super Bowl?
Where are the headquarters located for the company which acquired Le Labo in 2014?
what style of cooking originated from Ireland, or was developed by the Irish people and is part of the culture of Ireland? 
Who has published more works, Melissa Bank  or Alan Moore?
Tom at the Farm starred a French Canadian actor who first received international acclaim in 2009 for what feature?
Cabine C (Portuguese for "Cabin C") was a short-lived Brazilian post-punk band from São Paulo, vocalist Ciro Pessoa's lyrics influenced by Romantic and Symbolist poets such as Edgar Allan Poe, ( born Edgar Poe; January 19, 1809) an American writer, editor, and literary critic, death date?
What channel did the two South Park episodes "Cartman's Mom Is a Dirty Slut" and "Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut" premier on in the United States ?
When was the first series premiered in the UK in which Amy McAllister was notable for her role as Mary?
Which activist, Christina Stead or René Char, was a committed Marxist?
What is the name of the boxer who fought in the 2009 Fight of the year and retired from boxing in 2011?
The second largest convention center on its opening in 1990 is owned by what company?
How many songs does the person Jay Albert White impersonates have in the Top 10?
 Who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film for "Gone Nutty", Carlos Saldanha, a Brazilian director, or Maya Deren, a Russian-American filmmaker? 
What was the population in 2011 of the English region where The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity is located ?
Who is the founder of a Japanese clothing brand and also co-founded Billionaire Boys Club with Pharrell Williams?
Who is the Aboriginal Canadian artist of the M'Chigeeng?
John Work House and Mill Site is located just outside the town in what county?
The actress who made her acting debut in "Swordswallowers and Thin Men" also portrayed Emily Gardner in a film directed by who?
What basketball player was drafted third overall in the 2005 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz and featured as a cover athlete for the game NBA Baller Beats?
Also called the Rutherford gold foil experiment, this New Zealand born British physicist directed the Geiger-Marsden experiment and later was known as the father of nuclear physics. Who was he?
Which was released first, Frozen 2 or Gus?
Which university has more alternate names, Colorado State University or Alexandria University?
Who was the director of the film which had "Held" on its soundtrack?
Who is the composer of the song that Friederike Grün was in who is a composer of the Romantic school?
Which composer is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera: Gaetano Donizetti or Alessandro Scarlatti?
Who is the leader of the Network Italy faction within Popular Alternative?
Mark Huffam was a producer on a spy comedy film parodying what secret agent?
What was the name of the Osbournes Reloaded host who also is the voice of Hildy Gloom in "The 7D"?
What city is the political capital of the country in which Katiola Department is found?
James Manby Gully, was a Victorian medical doctor, well known for practising hydrotherapy, or the "water cure", he had many notable Victorian patients, including such figures as which Poet Laureate, of Great Britain and Ireland?
Denham Fouts was the inspiration for characters by the writer and intellectual of what nationality?
Maser was first built by the physiciat who shared the Nobel Prize in 1964 with which two other people?
Which film director is known for "Spring in a Small Town", Fei Mu or Joss Whedon?
 A novel by who is about a time traveler who attempts to prevent the assassination of President John F. Kennedy that has a a fictional town reappeared as late as his  novel?
What award did a single from the first Foo Fighters album to feature Chris Shiflett win?
Looking Glass Rock is administered by who?
What short and violent movement in 20th century art is attributed to photographer Friedl Kubelka?
Which American physician co found Charles Horace Mayo
The player who averaged 24.2 points for the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 2003-04 season played for what high school?
Whose wife was housed by Ruth Hyde Paine until November 23,1963?
Marino is a suburb in the south of Adelaide, it neighbours Seacliff, Kingston Park, and which coastal suburb in the south of Adelaide, South Australia, with a population of more than 12,000 people?
Which retailer specializes in name brand furniture, linens, cooking products, art and other home accessories and has a store in Frandor Shopping Center? 
"Going Under" is a song by American rock band Evanescence recorded for their debut studio album, which 2003 album, after the group signed to Wind-up in January 2001?
What bands album produced by Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno, and was released on 18 November 1991 on Island Records and second single eached the top ten of the singles charts in several countries, including the band's native Ireland?
Which biblical figure is engraved upon the gem named for the son of King Lohair I?
"Rumbly in My Tumbly" is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", is also incorporated into the 1977 musical film, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of the first three featurettes, of which fictional anthropomorphic teddy bear, created by English author A. A. Milne?
The serial drama Bikhra Mera Naseeb, written by Saima Youmkus, made it's debut on what Pakastani television channel, which is owned by Geo Television Network?
Who was born First, Tayeb Salih or Elias Canetti?
A Town Called Panic and The Princess and the Frog are both what?
Which of the groups Circa Survive and Oasis was founded first ?
Meinrad I, Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was born in what German state?
Which Franco Dragone created production is one of six resident Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas ?
What is the seat of the county where Ronald Reagan Parkway is located?
What British-Irish film star was born on February 9, 1945
What number Mughal emperor built the Kashmiri Gate?
What naval officer took part in the battle, on what is now the grounds of the Blue Grass Army Depot?
What era was the man associated with Fanny Talbot the leading art critic of?
Who was born earlier, Philippe Perrin or Sigmund Jähn?
Are the film directors Miguel Littín and Carlos Saldanha both from Brazil?
Severus Snape becomes a double-agent for an order that was founded by whom?
What country does the region that is native to the genus coffea in the Indian Ocean belong to?
Albert "Ginger" Baker, is a Northern Irish former loyalist and ex-British Army soldier, who was convicted of four murders, carried out by which loyalist paramilitary and vigilante group, in Northern Ireland?
Styrophone is often made from what type of closed-cell polystyrene?
Kim Joo-Hyuk starred in what film, based on the novel by Park Hyun-wook?
Still Da Baddest is the fourth studio album by American rapper Trina, following the poor chart performance, "I Got a Thang for You" featuring which American singer/songwriter, record producer, business woman, and television personality, and was born in Oakland, California?
Which Italian port do many of the inhabitants of La Boca in Buenos Aires originate from?
Square One Shopping Centre's size allows it to cater to discount retailers such as an American fast fashion retailer with more than 60% of its apperal made where?
Which female artist collaborated Pharrell Williams on G I R L and won multiple Grammy awards in 2005?
 Stony Awards presented a posthumous award to what American cannabis rights activist and the author of "The Emperor Wears No Clothes",
What album recorded over a two-year period between 1989 and 1991 included Kevin Shields as the main composer, musician and producer? 
Who is the co-star of the current co-president of the Actors Studio in the movie Youth?
Who is credited for The Internship role that corresponds to Akiva Schaffer's role for The Watch?
In which county was this air force base located where Boeing B-29-100-BW Superfortress bomber crashed and killed all men aboard, known as 1948 Waycross B-29 crash?
Are both Weifang and Nyingchi prefecture-level cities?
Which cocktail uses egg white as an ingredient, The Clover Club Cocktail or The U-Boot?
Who distributed the 2013 superhero film in which Ken Yamamura plays the young Ichirō Yashida?
Which Disney film was released first, Meet the Robinsons or Peter Pan?
What actress played the role of Hillary Winston on "The Royal Family" at the age of 4 and was also in the Tina in the Sky with Diamonds episode of Glee?
What was the birth name of the emperor under whom Naevius Sutorius Macro served as prefect of the Praetorian Guard?
What is the place with a total of 643135 sqft and 70 in-line stores, that is now the last of it's kind after the largest enclosed shopping center in Huntsville closed in early 2017?
What is the birthday of Gerald Strebendt's UFC 44 lightweight opponent?
Did Dick Crealy and Jack Sock play the same sport?
Who was born first, Michaël Llodra or Henri Leconte?
 Are the Comx-35 and Sharp MZ both personal types of computers?
an actress who appeared in a film directed by Kenneth Lonergan featured in which television series?
Which former IFK Hässleholm football player is older, Jon Jönsson or Peter Crouch?
What year was the current star of Belarusian football born?
In what city did the band that included Romy and Oliver Sim, and Jamie xx record their first album?
California State University, Dominguez Hills and Ankara University, are which type of educational institutes?
Which actor played in both She Hate Me and Cocoon?
Which publication has run longest, Signs of the Times or Space Science Fiction?
In what sub-provincial city is the Affiliated High School of Sichuan University located?
What was the population in the city where Sherman Day Thatcher founded a school, in 2010?
Who was the Calder Memorial Trophy winner that played in the 2017 NHL Staduim Series game the day after the 2017 NHL winter classic?
In Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood, a teenage girl uses a psychic ability to influence a physical system without interaction to unleash Jason, what is this ability called?
Adrian Molina worked with what director when making the movie The Good dinosaur?
Rolling Stone and Cinefantastique, are both types of what media?
Who directed the film which inspired the 2004 film Murder ? 
What was the first single released from Rufus Wainwright's fifth studio album?
What is the nationality of the composer of the Ukrainian entry for the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest?
 Freddy Rodriguez played what character in the 2007 American zombie film directed by Robert Rodriguez?
The composer of Prelude in F-sharp minor was born in what year?
What American guitarist and songwriter claimed that one who wrote "Rockaway Beach", Dee Dee Ramone, was "the only real beachgoer" in the group?
Uzumaki, is a "seinen" horror manga series written and illustrated, by which Japanese horror manga artist?
West Oaks Mall includes a theatre by the movie theatre chain founded in what year?
Which place, Miquan or Kaohsiung, is a special municipality in Taiwan?
Did the magazines Alt for Damerne and New England Offering have a similar focus?
Which dog is larger, the Cirneco dell'Etna or the Siberian Husky?
WIND ranks behind which Rome-based telecommunications company?
Which film starring Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, and others, spawned a series of short films from 1998 to 1993?
Who has been in more bands, Eddi Reader or Al Barr?
Which of the following is a women's magazine for African American women: Essence or New Zealand Woman's Weekly?
What is the birthdate of this American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, and singer, who starred in Nine Lives?
When was the mountain building period, that ended 440 million years ago and affected most of modern-day New England, first described?
What is this important historical, cultural, and economic region of Massachusetts that contains Salem and where Gabriel Frasca cooked at a young age?
which magazine is most like Playboy, Woman's Day or Gallery? 
are Better Homes and Gardens and Al Jamila from different countries?
Sir (Ernest) Llewellyn Woodward (1890–1971) was a British historian, and was educated at which British independent private day school for boys, originally located in the City of London, and since 1933 it has been located on 285 acre of grounds at Sandy Lodge in the Three Rivers district of Hertfordshire?
Which singer has been part of more bands, Richard Ashcroft or James Bourne?
Do Abigail Child and Nabil Ayouch both write media?
Mathew Stuart Sinclair (born 9 November 1975) is an Australian-born New Zealand cricketer, he holds the equal world record for the highest Test score (214) by a number three batsman on debut when he opened his international career against West Indies in the 1999, Boxing Day Test match is a cricket Test match held in Melbourne, Victoria in which country?
Worn throughout the Caribbean region, notably in Cuba and Jamaica as wedding attire, what upper-body form does the guayabera take for men?
In which year was this brand name founded on which Sony Ericsson K608i became available?
Sammy Hagar and Pierre Bouvier, share which mutual occupations?
Which Texas city is known for gambling and is home to the Texas Lottery?
Where was Barbarossa Chandelier crowned Holy Roman Emperor?
Liz Rose, is an American country music songwriter best known for her work with Taylor Swift, and  has co-written twenty of Swift's officially-released songs and singles, including which song was written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman, with Swift's aid?
What nationality are Ralph Tresvant and Chad Smith?
Julien Duvivier and Andrew Adamson, have which occupation in common?
The pop singer in the lead role in "Tere Bin Laden" received how many Lux Style Awards?
How much did VMware pay to acquire the Atlanta-based provider of enterprise mobility management software?
What former Canadian MP and Senator named a community in Saskatchewan after a semi-ruined mid-14th-century fortress, located 5 km east of North Berwick, in East Lothian, Scotland?
Are both the Ariegeois and the German Longhaired Pointer dogs that are breed in Europe?
Which of the owner of Portstewart Football Club is a former Northern Ireland international footballer and manager?
Which has more acts Faust or Die schweigsame Frau?
What is a 1986 Argentine drama-science fiction film written and directed by Eliseo Subiela, that has uncredited adaptations made from it to  a 2001 American science fiction-mystery film based on Gene Brewer's 1995 novel ?
What is the name of this air arm of the Indian armed forces, in which MP Anil Kumar was a MiG 21 pilot?
Punta Gorda Airport offers numerous flights from the company that has headquarters in what city?
Haruo Nakajima, was a Japanese actor, best known for portraying who, in twelve consecutive films, starting from the original "Godzilla" (1954) until "Godzilla vs. Gigan" (1972)?
 Krusty Gets Busted revolves around the heist of what marketplace?
What is the name of the field located at the University of Oklahoma where Bob Stoops coached the university football team?
What  American young earth creationist and geophysicist was on  a research project conducted by the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research between 1997 and 2005?
Pabst Brewing Company is the holding company for the defunct Pacific Northwest company that was based in what city?
Where was the sport invented in 1891 by a Canadian-American physical educator, physician, chaplain, sports coach and innovator?
Who invented the cipher machine of which Typex was an adaptation ? 
Are Fairbanks International Airport and Deadhorse Airport both located on the North Slope of Alaska?
Odd Future is a collective that was on a television show in what genre
The director of "The Office" episode "Test the Store" worked as an executive producer for what series?
What was the birthdate of the composer who worked on A Bayou Legend with William Grant Still?
which game played on January 1, 2007 did 2006 Boise State Broncos football team faced Oklahoma
Austin Sowell plays a character in "Bridge of Spies" who was shot down in the airspace of what country?
What other film, beside the American neo-noir dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas was considered a blockbuster in 2004?
Are Hegang and Weihai in the same country?
What show produced under Guroudev Bhalla production house stars actor Ritvik Arora?
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, abbreviated as RSS, is an Indian right-wing, Hindu nationalist, paramilitary volunteer organisation that is widely regarded as the parent organisation of which ruling party of India, and is one of the two major political parties in India, along with the Indian National Congress?
When did the artist who released Truth Serum form Tremblebee?
Diane Michelle voiced Daisy Duck in the 1999 Christmas anthology film produced by Walt Disney Home Video that won what award at the 5th Kecskemét Animation Film Festival in 1999?
What were the occupations of Mario Vargas Llosa and William March?
What tour was Paul McCartney's first live performance since The Beatles 1966 US tour when the tour was plagued with backlash regarding the controversy of John Lennon's remark about the band being "more popular than Jesus", death threats, and the band's own dissatisfaction with the noise levels and their ability to perform live?
What country is both Foreign Affairs and Sojourners published in?
What company headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan manufactures processors for the Asus ZenFone series?
Neal Stephenson and David McCullough had similar professions, but one received a prestigious award called what?
Jimmy Bennett is known for a role in what 2005 American action thriller that was produced by and starred Bruce Willis?
When did the head of government of Albania officially mandate his 9th Cabinet?
How many seasons did the namesake of the River East Royal Knights' home stadium play?
Mayhem's lineup changed because of the murder of which founder of the early Norwegian black metal scene?
What type of media does Lin-Manuel Miranda and Million Dollar Arm have in common?
What is the name of the debut album by the artist, named after the Gaga plant, titled?
 "Take My Hand, Precious Lord"  is a gospel song written by a man who earlier in his life was a leading blues pianist known as who?
Which German music group produced the song "Rhythm Is a Dancer" as well as the album "The Madman's Return"?
Which director is noted for more documentaries: Andrzej Munk or Brent Hodge?
Gong Hyo-jin  is best known for her leading role in the feature film debut of what director?
Richard E. Kraus was a United States Marine who was killed during what battle that was codenamed Operation Stalemate II?
Who drafted the compromise which followed the admission of California as a state?
Reen Nalli is an American music executive, she has worked with the likes of INXS, who were an Australian rock band, formed as The Farriss Brothers, in what year?
Along with Barbara Bush, what other member of the Bush family has been seen at Madam's Organ Blues Bar?
What music producer has Danielle Riley Keough's mother been married to?
Valerie Agnew was a close friend of which lead singer of The Gits?
The Darlington Agency was a stop on the trail that had a northern post in what state?
Fairlane Village Mall is anchred by Boscov's, Michaels, and a company whose first department store opened in September 1962, and that went public in what year?
During which era of French classical music did Marc Antoine Charpentier compose music?
On which record label did the band who released the single Feel It Still release their eighth full-length album Woodstock?
The rock band whose members included Saul Davies originated in what city?
Which was a film first, The Three Lives of Thomasina or Inside Out?
When was the actor who portrayed Will Turner in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest named a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador?
Does Generationals or Self have more current members?
Who was Charles Robert Rattray in a Football League with that was located in Accrington, Lancashire?
Who is older, Axl Rose or Tim Wheeler?
What type of wagon inspired the dominant form of transportation on the improved trail through the Great Appalachian Valley from Pennsylvania to North Carolina?
What country is the singer song-writer behind the album "Sleep through the Static" and "Brushfire Fairytales" from?
What was the nickname of grandfather of the man that married the former Carol Shepp in 1965?
What is the name of the engagement on the northern coast of France on 19 August 1942 in which the HMS "Calpe" participated?
Hagia Sophia and Monastery of the Transfiguration, Kinaliada, are located in which city?
What game was released first, Bang! or Arkham Horror?
What type of film are both Before We Forget and Best Boy ?
Who is the singer of one of the songs that "Just the Two of Us" was behind on the "Billboard" Hot 100?
What Albania town is located on the banks of the Vjosa River in Gjirokastër County and after a 2015 local government reform the village of Progonat became part of its municipality?
What film production company released both "The Ugly Dachshund" and Brother Bear?
Who wrote a letter to Orville Browning where he recognized the importance of one of the four slave states that never declared a secession in the Civil War?
One of the executives who founded a sports promotion company is CEO of what casino?
What title was Felix Salten's most famous work originally published under? 
Tulapur is a village in which second largest city in Maharashtra?
What is the birthplace of the narrator of Sex in a Cold Climate?
Which was directed by Kevin Lima, A Goofy Movie or Gus?
When was Pearl Jam's studio album preceding Riot Act released?
What musical comedy, written by George Abbot and Douglas Wallop, contains the song, "Whatever Lola Wants"?
What was the name of the tour that accompanied the album released on November 11, 2008 by Big Machine Records?
What businessman and scientist proposed computational irreducibility?
The 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in Kenya, which Jamaican cricketer who plays internationally, made his ODI debut during the competition?
Are David Usher and Gregg Allman both from the same band?
Are Yixing and Dezhou the same level of city?
What Gothic revival mansion in Scotland was designed by William Wilkins, and rebuilt in 1881 by the 5th Earl of Rosebery?
Who is this American basketball coach and former player who currently is a coach of the Missouri Tigers men's basketball team and who was with Tennessee Volunteers basketball team during the 2013-14 season?
RV is a 2006 American family comedy that stars what American singer wh owas raised in Foxborough, Massachusetts?
How many guns could the battleship for the Imperial German Navy, which was the fourth pre-dreadnought and replaced ironclad battleships of 1870s and 1880s, carry?
In what language are the songs in the genre for which Alberto Stylee is most famous typically sung?
Was the band Tomahawk and the band The Amps both formed in the 90s?
Dudley Laufman is a caller in the dance style that has origins in what century?
Do Mollie King and David Sylvian share the same nationality?
The idea proposed by an American Mathematician and philosopher included knowledge of what kind of properties?
What is the middle name of the man who created and designed Lois Griffin?
Vicki L. Sato co-taught immunology with an American biochemist, physicist, molecular biology pioneer and what?
Who was born first, Monte Melkonian or Sid Haig?
Which album of Taylor Swift's the does the song appear that the optimistic lyrical message of Yodel It! has been compared to?
What date was the ninth studio album by Brian Wayne Transeau released?
At which college did the quarterback, to whom Connor Cook was a third string backup, play his football ?
How many of the Fortune Global 100 companies are clients of the management consulting firm that William D. Green retired from in 2013?
What is the American sitcom created by Jeff Franklin and directed by Kathleen Garretson?
What bill president Clinton sign at the school mentioned in his wife’s book about childhood influences?
Paul Eiding has the role of the Vault Tec Rep from the video game developed by which company?
Salvador Duran Sanchez raced in which series where drivers solely represented their nation as opposed to themselves or a team?
Which univeristy was founded first, Ege University or Pennsylvania State University?
The Curtiss F7C Seahawk was a biplane that could be landed on which type of capital ship?
Detective Inspector Richard Poole is a character in the crime drama television series "Death in Paradise", portrayed by an actor born in which year ?
The founder of the religious organization that established the Tama-Re village began founding Black Muslim groups in New York in what year?
The western border of Rankin County is formed by a river that flows through which US states ?
Katerina Vladimirovna Tikhonova (born 31 August 1986) is the daughter of Vladimir Putin, an acrobatic dancer, and director of two initiatives at Moscow State University, the National Intellectual Development Foundation (NIDF) and the National Intellectual Reserve Centre (NIRC), what style of dance, that combines classical dance technique with precision acrobatic elements?
÷ (pronounced "divide"), is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, which lead single was released as a digital download on 6 January 2017 as one of the double lead singles from his third studio album "÷" (2017)?
Krasnodar Krai Police, is the main law enforcement agency in Southern Russia, controlled system by which state or community term, commonly called, what?
Where is the college located that Brian McGilloway currently teaches at?
Which star of the Tenth Month was born on 1923 ?
John P. Buchanan's lone term as governor was largely marred by a labor uprising that took place primarily in what county in Tennessee?
Which movie that was the remake of the 1987 film of the same name stars the actor who also had a role in AMC's "The Killing"?
The Badger Creek Wilderness is a 29057 acre wilderness area located east of Mount Hood in the northwestern Cascades of Oregon, which is located about 50 mi east-southeast of what city? 
The revolution, in which Thomas Osborne, 1st Duke of Leads was a monarch during, is also referred to as what? 
Bacon is a native of a city whose nickname is what?
What is the miles of road which Kirkby la Thorpe village is near the start of 
what was the nationality of both David Berman and Bugsy Siegel ? 
Steven Gilmore who has created promotional materials for the 2008 film The Dark Night is most known for his artwork in what other form?
Kronk's New Groove is a sequel to a movie directed by whom?
Which film director was born earlier, Lewis Gilbert or Kiyoshi Kurosawa?
What kind of teaching does How I Got Over and Mahalia Jackson have in common?
Mercy Drive has created entrance themes for the actor and wrestler who is currently signed to what company?
Who was William Stephens Smith's wife named after?
What country of origin does All I Want for Christmas Is You and Merry Christmas have in common?
The 2015 film "Home" included a song that premiered on BBC Radio by what artist?
Which singer also produced records, Eugene Hütz or Alex Chilton?
911 / Mr. Lonely features vocals by the Norwegian singer-songwriter from what city?
The Slender Man (also known as Slenderman) is a fictional supernatural character that originated as a creepypasta Internet meme, an activity, concept, catchphrase or piece of media which spreads, often as mimicry or for humorous purposes, from person to person via the Internet, created by which Something Awful forums user, also known as "Victor Surge"?
In between Milky Chance and Jesus Jones which bands track is "Right Here, Right Now" ?
Ulrich Wegener was a founding member of a counter-terrorist force that is a tactical unit of what police force?
The attraction that replaced Twister... Ride It Out in 2017 was based on what show?
Which one of the original five members of the Mission Mountain Wood Band was born in January, 1948?
Which wind-instrument-heavy genre of music did Dolores Janney "Jenni" Rivera Saavedra play to garner the title of "top Latin artist of 2013"?
When did the person Kosti Vehanen spend a decade accompanying die?
Peter Francese works with many non-profit organizations and major American corporations, such as one of  the largest global providers of insurance, annuities, and employee benefit programs with how many customers?
Which comedy series aired it's second to last season opener with the title "11 Years Later"?
What Jennifer 8 star also appeared on the cover of "Vogue"?
Are both The Kooks and The Deadly Syndrome from Los Angeles?
Which "Outlaw" star was nominated for an Emmy in 2013?
The city in which Kannada University is based is recognised as what under the name of "Group of Monuments at Hampi"?
Carl Theodor Dreyer and John Sturges have what career in common?
What quarterback, born in 1082, was acquired by the Buffalo Bills in 2015?
Remember to Live was released by a band formed in Temple, Texas in what year?
Where is the English mathematician who described Twistor Space in the 1960's the  Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics?
In which war did Ahsan Malik, a commander and captain defend Kamlpur during a conflict that lasted just 13 days concluding with the fall of Dacca?
What restaurant chain with over 15,000 locations is a sister franchise to Wing Street?
Which National Basketall Association (NBA) team won the championship the year Rudy Tomjanovich's career ended?
Clark is the mascot of the Chicago Cubs, introduced on the same day along with the teams top prospect an American professional baseball third baseman who attended what university?
Which team one the oldest association football competition in the world in 2017?
Name the movie in which Cuba Gooding Jr as Doris Miller who has got Navy cross award fro US Navy ?
Who is an American author and mother of film and television producer Bryan Spears, who wrote a novel based on Britney's life?
The Ricks Must be Crazy is a reference to a South African comedy film that was written and directed by who? 
What former Stone Temple Pilots frontman collaborated with members of Julien-K on the song "Inside of Me"?
What was the name of the sister company of Lynx Aviation that operated out of Denver, Colorado?
Which Australian rapper moved to the United States at the age of 16 to pursue a career in hip hop music and has at least one music video produced by Luti Fagbenle?
The Father of Video Games Created What Game In 1978?
In what year was the singer who wrote the song "Tonight" with Iggy Pop born?
Which wrestler is older, Chuck Taylor or Ricohet?
Which American actor starred in Surrogates 
"New Arrangement" the album by Jackie DeShannon contains which song written and composed by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon?
Which institution is located in Turkey, Bahçeşehir University or Drexel University?
Len Wiseman and Ken Kwapis, are Americans, that have which occupation?
Who directed the 2008 film where Lance E. Nichols played Larry Williams?
The pepperoni roll is a snack popular in West Virginia and some nearby regions of the Appalachian Mountains such as Appalachian Ohio is a bioregion and political unit in the southeastern part of the state of Ohio, characterized by the western foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, and Appalachian Plateau, in which country?
Dylan Moran worked on Shaun of the Dead what English actor who co-wrote and starred in the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy of films?
The Merchant of Venice is a 16th-century play by William Shakespeare in which a merchant in Venice must default on a large loan provided by an abused Jewish moneylender, notable is Portia's speech about which titled quote by Portia in William Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice"; it occurs during Act IV, Scene 1, set in a Venetian Court of Justice?
Are Epipactis and Gaillardia both genus of plants ?
In what ballpark did the Ducks play against the Aberdeen Arsenal?
What actor who was born and raised in London to Indian parents played Sonny in The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel?
What is the middle name of the actress who portrayed the main character in the film based on the first full-length biography of Ayn Rand? 
In what year was the star of a film dramatizing the manhunt for Osama bin Laden born?
What Australian program featured the character of Tess Silverman McCleod?
Which person on the Angel of Retribution album is gay?
Zsa Zsa Speck took part of his stage name from which mass murderer?
Who is the husband of the female star of the film Showdown ?
For what theater does the narrator of the film A Ballerina's Tale dance for?
Q: What year did Pauline Collins and her husband star in Thomas & Sarah for the first time?
Faline is a fictional character in two Disney films the first of which came out in what year?
What was the sport utility vehicle that was replaced by the Jeep Liberty originally marketed as?
Patrick Reynolds is an American music executive, record producer and songwriter noted for working with prominent artists such as an American rapper and actor from where?
Who was the father of the man who refused to grant Lower Lorraine to Henry II, Duke of Limburg?
Which director was from England, Alan Parker or Peter Segal?
Which Florence Reece Song was written during United Mine Workers Strike?
 In which state was the founder of the village of Boonesborough, Kentucky born?
Mennonites are traditionally multilingual with which Low Prussian dialect of East Low German, with Dutch influence language was their first?
Jack Twist was a character portrayed by which American actor who debuted in City Slickers?
Kansas vs. Darwin is a feature-length documentary film, released in which year, about the Kansas evolution hearings, were a series of hearings held in Topeka, Kansas, United States from May 5 to 12, 2005 by the Kansas State Board of Education and its State Board Science Hearing Committee to change how evolution and the origin of life would be taught in the state's public high school science classes?
Paul Young and David Draiman, share which mutual occupation?
Which drink was distributed first, Solo or Aquafina?
What British actress born in May started in a television series set in a fictional Sussex coastal town? 
The song Please Send Me Someone to Love appeared in the soundtrack of a film directed by who ?
Who directed the film inspired by the life and work of the Marquis de Sade, "Quills" re-imagines the last years of the Marquis's incarceration in the insane asylum at Charenton, who's costume designers work has been recognized in numerous films such as "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button"?
The Estonian Philharmonic Chamber Choir performs works by which Estonian classical and religious composer?
One of the actor's from Harm's way received his most praised role as a war veteran Fred Derry.  What was the name of the movie Fred Derry is from?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Tom Forman or Richard Linklater?
 The Göttingen Seven included what professor born on October 24 1804?
The film Citizen Cohn follows the life of a man who was chief counsel to a Senator from which state?
Mark E. Mitchell was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions during a battle uncorrectly referred to as what?
Which rock band was formed first, Classic Case or Panic! at the Disco?
Who owns a mall in Youngstown, Ohio with a BAM! store?
The man Paul Livingstone discipled under composed what kind of music?
Which borough of New York City was the roller coaster the Texas Cyclone was modeled after located in?
Ock Joo-hyun participated in what musical based on a book by T.S. Eliot?
Scholar and educator  Isaac S.D. Sassoon is a member of the Sassoon family because of their great wealth they accumulated they are also called what?
Anupam Kher starred in the thriller film "Lust, Caution" directed by whom?
Which dog comes from the Romagna sub-region of Italy, Lagotto Romagnolo or Magyar agár?
When did the cat who was aboard the same ship as Commander Stuart Hett die?
Where was the game Velocity developed?
Worker: Billy McFarland was charged with fraud involving a music festival set to take place on what Bahamian island?
Heartsounds was made into a 1984 film starring an actor who died in what year?
Avon Saxon created the role of Friar Tuck in the opera by which English composer?
What company is headquartered at a casino formerly known as Vegas World?
When was Sonam Dechan Wangchuck's half brother born?
What former Miss Massachusetts book was made into a made-for-TV film?
The birthplace of Valerie Brisco-Hooks is located in which county?
How many Primetime Emmy Awards did Susan Silverman's sister win?
In music, an ostinato, is a motif or phrase that persistently repeats in the same musical voice, usually at the same pitch, well-known ostinato-based pieces include both classical compositions such as Donna Summer, was an American singer, songwriter, and painter, and she gained prominence during the disco era of which late era?
In the screenplay Sweethearts, Victor Herbert's play was was used. What type of performance was this?
Academy for Advanced Academics is located in a Florida school district founded in what year?
Which star of the film Tamango was nominated for a Gold Globe Award in 1959 ?
What was the name of one of the actors in one of Nick Love's films?
What year did the band who had a top 40 hit in the UK and a promotional video directed by Spike Jonze have a reunion tour?
This 2009 computer-animated science film, starring the voice of Elijah Wood is an adaption of a 2005 student project from which University?
Edward Keonjian and Edward Avedisian, have what in common?
In which stadium does the defender Jack Hobbs play his home football matches in the Championship?
The ancestral home of George Henry Moore was burned down during a conflict that ended on what date?
The Visitors was directed by a man that died in what year?
What is character for which the ballet dancer who appeared in a 1946 American romantic comedy directed by Alfred Green was known?
What Company manufactured The Riddler's Revenge and the Green Lantern?
"Hunger Strike" is a song by a band that formed in which city ?
What state is Cape Cod located in?
Who wrote the novel from which the 2015 British romantic drama was adapted where Matthias Schoenaerts plays Gabriel Oak?
When did an actor in the live action remake of Timon and Pumbaa win a Daytime Emmy Award?
What type of shoe did Tokuko Takagi wear that evolved o enable dancers to dance "en pointe" (on the tips of their toes) for extended periods of time?
Isla Fisher had a comedic role in the 2008 romantic-comedy film directed by whom?
Which company which is split into three major industry areas, is headquartered in Wattens? 
What nationality is the scientist who along with Antony Hewish discovered PSR B1919+21 ?
Which American poet was born first, Grace Paley or Edwin Arlington Robinson?
What game has more illustrators, Colt Express or Kill Doctor Lucky?
Grealeaf is a television series exexutive produced by the queen of what?
What was a secret program of the Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency, that was connected to a German scientist who's field of expertise was guided missiles?
The winner of America's Got Talent wins the chance to headline a show on a strip of land that is approximately how many miles long?
Where did the actor who plays Ross Geller attend college?
Are Pingdingshan and Huadu District both located in China?
In November 2006, Ivan Foster challenged a politician that was born in what year ?
The American actress, who made her acting debut in the 2009 film "Precious" and also starred in American Horror Story: Hotel, the fifth season of the anthology television series "American Horror Story" also starred in the Showtime series "The Big C" from when to when?
The 2006 FIFA World Cup Final featured a headbutt of which future manager of Chennaiyin?
In what war did Werner Schröer and Hans-Joachim Marseille fly?
LinkBike has a station at the largest mall in what Malaysian city?
at what age did Vivienne Haigh-Wood Eliot's husband renounce his American citizenship?
The raid of the Po Valley in 203 BC was the culmination of a major war, carried out by the Carthaginian commander Mago, son of Hamilcar Barca, at the end of the Second Punic war between Rome and which location, that was a Phoenician city-state, during the 7th to 3rd centuries BC?
Shin Eun-kyung is best known for her leading role in a South Korean film about a female gang boss who needs to get married to fulfill what?
A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors is a 1987 American slasher film, the film stars which American actor, playwright, director and producer, best known for playing Morpheus in "The Matrix trilogy"?
Does The Island at the Top of the World have more computer animated characters than Monsters, Inc.?
What song by Jessi Colter did Erika Jo sing?
The Anna Louise Inn is a contributing building to which Cincinnati historic district?
Who created the series in which Gary Cole voiced the title character? 
Godric is a novel published in 1981, written by Frederick Buechner, that tells the semi-fictionalised life story of medieval Catholic unofficial saint, or Saint Goderic, c. 1065 – 21 May 1170, was an English hermit, merchant and popular medieval saint, although he was never formally canonised?
What state in Somalia does Taleh belong?
The Maine Guides were an American minor league baseball franchise that played in a town with a population at the 2010 census of what?
Jeffry Fortes is a Dutch-born professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for a football club founded on what date?
Jaina Proudmoore is currently voiced by the voice actress who started out in what roles on Dragon Ball Z?
When was the national park Mount Le Conte is located in chartered by Congress?
Which school has undergone more name changes, Kettering University or The College of New Jersey?
The 2022 FIFA World Cup will be held in Qatar, what is the next quadrennial international men's football championship called that will take place in 2026?
What theme park has a land area of 25 ha, which is home to a flight motion simulation attraction?
Q: Who is older, Wayne Black or Byron Black?
Who did Paul Hindemith base a symphony about? 
What is the Japanese channel that has been broadcasting a music television show that is hosted with the aid of the application of computer graphics to create images?
What was the name of the farewell tour of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath which shares its name with their EP released on January 2016 and was only available on this tour?
What war was Operation Lucid and Operation Sea Lion planned during?
What type of university has The Grand Opera House as their performing arts center?
Were both the Philips P2000 and TRS-80 Color Computer home computers?
Between Trent Reznor and Ali Campbell, who has a more diverse career?
Which 2007 Harry Potter film, which is the fifth installment in the "Harry Potter" film series, is one of the movies in which Lego Harry Potter: Years 5–7 is based on? 
Which music producer created The Mistress of Spices and also contributed to the Bend It Like Beckham soundtrack?
Who is older, Warren Lieberstein or Angela Kinsey?
Who released this 2016 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film that starred Ginnifer Goodwin as Judy Hoops?
Who is older  Trevor Horn or Doug Pinnick ?
In early 2010 PZL-Świdnik was acquired by a multinational company formed in what year?
Which conference did this football team compete in 1997 for which Chris Floyd played as a senior?
Jeremy Stacey is a british drummer who has played with an English singer who is known for his gritty voice and what type of body movement?
Rough Night starred the actress who played what role on Workaholics?
Lucifer Box was created by which English actor?
Are University of Patras and Manhattan College both public universities?
What singer is the backstreet boy that worked on the show "boy band" the older brother of? 
Which company distributed this album by British rock band Bring Me the Horizon that features the song Sleepwalking in the United States and Canada?
When did the empire, which was responsible for creating the Nysa Bridge, begin?
William Haines' co-star in "Spring Fever" died on what date?
Which battle lasted longer, the Battle of Tarawa or the Battle of Leyte?
Which magazine is published by Bauer Media Group, The Australian Women's Weekly or Godey's Lady's Book?
which younger daughter of Richard Nixon was Tricia Nixon Cox also a sister too 
Which writer was older, Grace Paley or Judy Blume?
Are Cathedral of St Michael and St George, Aldershot and Manchester Cathedral located in the same city?
What was the nationality of the philosopher whose philosophy Harry Victor Jaffa developed an American application of?
Who wrote the American comedy film owned by Chad Willett?
Were Glenn Gregory and Jeffrey Steele co-collaborators on the hit song "Temptation?"
The company that built the Southern Pacific 2706 went out of business in what year?
Which college, Smith College or Princeton University, moved it's location more times?
Which protagonist in the documentary film "The Promise" was convicted of two counts of first-degree murder?
Die Hard 2 co-starred the actor who played James Evans, Sr. on what CBS series?
What was the kingdom that Mansfield Parkyns traveled around and is also known as Abyssinia?
Which dating site can members interested in Hillary Clinton's rival use?
Which of the following is known for his piety and memorized the Qur'an by the age of 7: Ahmad Nahavandi or Shah Waliullah Dehlawi?
When was the son of Manning M. Kimmel removed from command?
Which airline that has Chelyabinsk Airport as a secondary hub is based in Yekaterinburg, Russia?
What type of vessel does USCGC Woodrush and SS Edmund Fitzgeraldhave in common?
Watford Football Club elevated which assistant manager, now the head coach of Burnley, to the managership in the 2011-12 season?
What place, founded in 1908, did a study on inherently funny words?
No Secrets had a single that was used on the action-comedy film released on what television channel?
Sanghamitra Bandyopadhyay a professor at theIndian Statistical Institute, a public university established in what year?
Where did Wayne Simmonds play hockey when he was on his junior team?
Matthias Sention Sr. was a founding settler of a historic neighborhood founded by Puritans who emigrated in what year?
Paul-Werner Krapke is notable for his management of a main battle tank developed by who?
What is the name of the man that flew solo nonstop around the world in a balloon and flew a solo nonstop airplane flight around the world in 2 days 19 hours and 1 minute?
What festival is the film in which the actress and comedian features who is best known for her work on Saturday Night Live where she was a repertory player from 1986-91, set in?
Which hospital, MedStar Washington Hospital Center or George Washington University Hospital, opened on August 23, 2002, with 371 beds?
Which radio station is licensed to the county seat of Mower County?
Which biographical drama directed by Anton Corbijn stars Dane DeHaan?
"A Rickle in Time" was the first episode of an animated television sitcom that aired on what network?
What is  Quantum Redshift ,it features a soundtrack by a guy who says "I called myself Junkie XL from the point of view that once you're completely overworked, you never want to go there again",
Was Andrew Lau, or Keisuke Kinoshita, born first?
Miniature Fox Terrier and English Water Spaniel, are breed of which animal?
The Mysterious Origins of Man is a television special that included an interview with an American young earth creationist who claimed to have discovered human footprints alongside dinosaur footprints near a river in what U.S. state?
In what country are the actors in that stole a car that is a three-door hatchback?
Which television series was also used as the theme song for the hip-hop version of the song performed by Lou Rawls 
He's the DJ, I'm the Rapper, by DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince, was an early project by which famous rapper and film star?
What spectrum helps us distinguish far left politics?
What position was an Australian former professional rugby Australian Kangaroos' all-time highest point-scorer, in a township 120 kilometres south of Sydney in the Illawarra, New South Wales, Australia in the Municipality of Kiama?
How often does the review published in London by News UK who has Dawn Foster as a contributor come out?
The film Salome's Last Dance is based on a play by a writer that died in what year?
What was the title of the first single from Jack White's debut solo album?
The Magnificat is a musical setting by a composer of what nationality?
The cover of the "Our Love to Admire" album by Interpol features a wild cat found in what country?
What American Socialite married the elder son of Edward Cavendish?
The actress who played peg in  The Life and Death of Peter Sellers was born in which year ?
What band released an album physically on July 19, 2017 in two languages?
Part of the exterior of Château de Fénelon served as the home of Danielle de Barbarac a character in a film inspired by what fairy tale? 
Thomas Bernhard and Eric Ambler, have which mutual occupation?
Which Indian violinist, music arranger and music director for many Bollywood films worked on the film Dil To Pagal Hai?
Henry Wilfrid Brambell, was an Irish film and television actor best known for his role in the British television series "Steptoe and Son", and also performed alongside the Beatles in their film "A Hard Day's Night", playing which English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer, that gained worldwide fame as the bass guitarist and singer for the rock band the Beatles, fictional grandfather?
What is the currency code for the prize for the Gwen Harwood Poetry Prize?
In what year was the star of "Hank" born? 
Who was the former Brithish soldier who was  first leader of the Ulster Volunteer Force which initiated the 2011 Northern Ireland riots?
What is the similarity between the Irish Wolfhound and the Shih Tzu?
Population of 778, what is Nassu County border to?
Dan Elkan has appeared on recordings by what American singer who has sold more than 50 million records worldwide?
On what UHF number could you catch the show that aired from October 3, 1960 to September 6, 1971 in Hattiesburg?
In which month of 1917 did this battle during the World War I, in which Henry Maitland Wilson participated, start?
The Staffordshire Bull Terrier and Galgo Español are both what type of animal?
Which movie came out first, Traceroute  or  Looking for Richard?
This town with a population of 2,833 at the 2010 census is home to liberal arts college whose curriculum is based on the study of what?
which city given a status in 2012 did the English troops established a garrison near 
Are both Tom Fletcher and Eddie Vedder known for their tenor vocals?  
New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district covers the western and northern parts of New Hampshire, it is currently represented in the United States House of Representatives by which Democrat, an American politician and author who has been the U.S. Representative for New Hampshire 's 2 congressional district since 2013?
Botanica is a New York based band featured in Greg Pritikin's film "Dummy" staring an American actor who won an Academy Award for what 2002 film?
Mentiras, el musical, is a 2009 Mexican stage musical that uses previously released popular songs as its what? 
The Hagen Site is an archaeological site in this place with a population of 8,966.
Rowland Barnes was murdered by a man on trial for what crime?
Which actor, best known for his role in the film Hard Boiled, was in a movie directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak?
The 2011 epic historical drama film set in Roman Britain was adapted by a man who wrote two plays for who?
Zuffa was founded in 2001 by Lorenzo Ferlitta and another American entrepreneur who is the current CEO of what?
Which war lasted 13 days and contained the Battle of Hilli?
what ESPN program at six and also known as The Six, is a rebranded hour, hosted by an American sports journalist who previously wrote a column for ESPN.com's Page 2 and formerly hosted ESPN's "His and Hers"?
What date was the film where Vanessa Kirby plays Joanna released in the United Kingdom?
Laccospadix and Watercress, have what in common?
When did the newspaper, of which David Dinsmore is a former editor, become a tabloid ?
What is the area code of the British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean?
What English actor starred as Claudius in the 1976 BBC Television adaptation I, Claudius?
The Lamborghini Portofino was a concept car by the chief designer of a company headquartered in what state?
Who published the book to which the novel Armor has superficial similarities ?
The Frogman Corps is the maritime special operations force of the unified armed forces of what kingdom?
How many seats in the indoor arena of the Events Center in which UFC 33: Victory is held?
What company built a railway line that runs along the boundary between Hertfordshire and Essex for much of its length?
Who directed the film for which Vincent Gardenia received his second Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
What was the given name of the writer of the 1979 song Down in the Park ?
Imaginaerum, is a 2012 Finnish-Canadian musical fantasy film co-written and directed by who, it was developed with and features music from Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish's seventh studio album of the same name; Nightwish's keyboardist and songwriter Tuomas Holopainen co-wrote the film,  a Finnish songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician (but mainly keyboardist) and record producer
What French-American screenwriter helped create a starring role for Rachel Bloom?
Wilfred Lau Ho-Lung is a Hong Kong singer and actor, many have made comparisons to his voice to the voice of Eason Chan, is a Hong Kong singer and actor, born on which date?
Did Turkish poet Tevfik Fikret spend time living at both Istanbul University and Aşiyan Museum?
Which is longer, Chenango Canal or Wabash and Erie Canal?
Ghosts comes from a slang term that applies to what type of ethnicities?
Madeline Lee Gilford was married to the actor who was nominated for an Academy Award for what movie?
The actress who plays Quinn Fabray in Glee was born in what year?
What is the name of the American country music singer, author, actress and chef who had a duet with Garth Brooks in the Sevens album?
What Russian folk tale was the basis for the theatrical work that was the first recording of the chamber ensemble Chicago Pro Musica?
Leff Nicolas Pouishnoff played works by which Austrian composer born on January 31, 1979?
In what year was the subject of Frederick Drimmer's book "The Elephant Man" born?
Eric Mazur left Europe to pursue a postdoctoral study with which Nobel laureate recognized for his work i ndeveloping driving principles behind nonlinear optics for laser spectroscopy?
In what year was the Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court for whom the construction of the Chase-Lloyd House was started born?
What county in England did a brewess that has a song and jig tune bearing her name live in?
Tekken Comic has been published in the online version of the monthly manga magazine published by whom?
Which dog breed is a crossbreed from the Alaskan husky group and pointing breeds: Black Russian Terrier or Eurohound?
Michael R. Bromwich is the first director of a new bureau which replaces the Minerals Management Service in the wake of an oil spill that killed how many people? 
What is the postcode for Kilburn, a suburb located in the inner north of Adelaide, South Australia, and Blair Athol, a suburb located 15km north of Adelaide CBD, Australia?
Which genus contains more species, Akebia or Verbascum?
Augustin Thompson created a soft drink produced by a company located in which city ?
Nova was a high-power laser built where?
Diego Raymond De Girolamo, is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for League Two club Chesterfield, on loan from which organization, that's the highest division of the English Football League and second-highest overall in which football league system, after the Premier League?
Which breed of dog is known for it strength and agility, Bullenbeisser or Chien Français Blanc et Orange?
Which single by The Doors was a number one hit on the "Billboards" Hot 100 chart and was released in the same year as "The Crystal Ship"?
In what year was the band of the keyboard player who did "Flame" with Tim Bowness formed?
What pornographic star is a member of the XRCO Hall of Fame and co-hosted the 13th AVN Awards Ceremony?
Silver Lining was recorded for the film directed by whom?
Pharaoh Hound and Bullmastiff, are a breed of what?
Of what state was New England Art Union board member Edward Everett governor?
Who was the director of the 2004 American teen comedy film in which Alisha Morrison played a role?
Which was founded first, De La Salle University or Holy Cross of Davao College?
In what year was the number one single from Rihanna that was featured on Now That's What I Call Music! 38 released?
What is the birth date of the person Martin Blumenson wrote an authoritative biography of?
Romance in the Night was written by the singer who was well-known for a cover of which Doors song?
Madison Square Park Tower and AXA Equitable Center, are in which Manhattan proximate city?
Kathleen Kennedy was the producer of what movie?
Walter Alvarez's father was born in what year?
Which singer or band is from the US, Morrissey or Dig?
Which actor from The Drew Carey Show also starred in The Founder?
What is the nickname of the American mobster who said of Murray Humphreys that, "Anybody can use a gun. 'The Hump' can shoot if he has to, but he likes to negotiate with cash when he can"?
What was the name of the stage manager character in the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical which contained the show tune "No Other Love"?
Are Pingxiang, Guangxi, and Hunchun located in China?
What is the name of the conductor with whom Philip Powers has worked, whom has also received five Grammy awards?
When was the organization whose boat Fernando Pereira drowned on founded?
What was the show " The day the Universe Change" about and What did James Burke do? 
Which basketball simulation video game featured a song by Outkast on the soundtrack?
David Patrick Gedge was an organist based in England and a country with over how many miles of coastline?
Robotron: 2084 is what type of video game released by WMS Industries, an American electronic gaming and amusement manufacturer?
The Heysen Tunnels are twin tube road tunnels which carry the South Eastern Freeway under Eagle On The Hill in the Mount Lofty Ranges in South Australia, Eagle On The Hill is an unbounded locality of which capital city in the Adelaide Foothills?
In the 1996–97 A.C. Milan failed to succesfully contract which person born on 3 May 1973?
When did the American entrepreneur to which the drama film Jobs was inspired born? 
What is the name of the car company founded by Xia Heng that uses an energy storage device that can be recharged by plugging it in to an external source of electric power to power the vehicles?
Gerhard Thiele and Patrick Baudry, have which occupation in common?
Who created the product that is needed to view 3D Movies?
What was the original purpose of the Naval air station where the VMA-322 was based?
What is the name of this U.S. astrophysicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley, and executive director and faculty director of Berkeley Institute of Data Science?
What profession does Lita and Shim Eun-jin have in common?
Samuel P. Cox killed somebody on what day in the Battle of Albany?
Sweethearts features which stand-up comedian in a supporting role?
What Scottish castle, lying one quarter mile south of Miltion of Finavon village, is named after the Scottish laird Thomas Gardyne of Middleton and Finavon?
What was the population in 2010 of the city that the Gen. Alexander Campbell House is located in?
Are Albany International Airport and Louisville International Airport both public airports?
What year was the building, which housed the Cloud Club, surpassed for tallest building in the world?
Which genus has more species, Fir or Chelone?
William Stark (1740 or 1741–1770) was an English physician and medical pioneer who investigated scurvy by experimenting on himself with fatal consequences, he devised 24 restrictive diets, but died after only eight months whilst living exclusively on honey puddings and which dense and crumbly cheese produced in the English county of Cheshire?
Fuchsia and Tsuga are both types of what family of organisms?
Who was born first, Vartan Gregorian or Tim Kurkjian?
The Gold Coast Hotel & Casino is located across the street from a hotel that has how many rooms and suites?
Both cities of Karamay and Yima, Henan are located in which country?
John Collins' most notable work with ERS is Gatz, which is a verbatim performance of a 1925 novel that follows a cast of characters living in what fictional town on Long Island?
Baintha Brakk and K2 are both names of what?
How is Elson Moyo associated to the 2007 Zimbabwean coup d'état attempt?
In the "Harry Potter" series created by who, many fictional magical creatures exist in the series, while ordinary creatures sometimes exhibit new magical properties in the novel's world?
A tintype image of White Hair can be see at a museum in a city that is the county seat of what county?
What Paralympic wheelchair racer coached by Andrew Dawes won silver and bronze at 2016 Rio Paralympics?
Otto Hans Adolf Gross joined a utopian community in which Swiss Canton ?
When was the computer user group which created the country code top-level domain for Denmark founded?
Lawrence Turman, currently the director of the peter Stark Program at the University of Southern California produced an American adventure crime-thriller film starring Joseph Mazzello as who? 
What movie was directed by an Italian director, former senator and distant relative of Leonardo da Vinci?
Who wrote the music for the muscial based on L. Frank Baum's book whose title is commonly shortened to The Land of Oz?
What award did the author of the novel "The Outsiders" receive in 1988 from the American Library Assocation?
What year did Kelly Monaco win the First Season of "Dancing with the Stars?"
In a midsummer nights dream Robin Starveling was one of the Mechanicals, who wrote the play? 
"Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone" is a song written by Glenn Martin and Dave Kirby, and recorded by which American country music singer, musician/guitarist, recording artist, performer, and business owner?
War Is Hell was a horror/war comic book series the star of which became a fictional character created by who?
Who is the author of the novel which inspired Susan McFadden's leading role in Legally Blonde the Musical?
Sonia Sotomayor was nominated to replace which judge appointed by George HW Bush?
Tex is based on a novel by an American writer which recieved which award?
What edition of the Eurovision Song Contest featured a Lithuanian entry sang by Sasha Son and performed in English with the final verse in Russian?
What country of origin does Patrick Brice and Creep have in common?
Which 1955 Australian mini series did Olivia brown star in
What was the name of the English computer scientist who inspired a movie written by English screenwriter Craig Warner?
Where is the company that Maxwell Becton co-founded in 1897 headquartered?
Deepak Tiwari is a Sspecial correspondent of an Indian newsmagazine that is printed in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, and Kottayam, and is published by who?
The birthplace of Henry Speight is located off the southeast coast of what island?
Which actress in Galveston also played a character named "Betty Cooper" in another production?
The second season of the musical comedy-drama television series "Glee" originally aired between September 21, 2010 and May 24, 2011 on Fox, the 22-episode season was produced by Twentieth Century Fox Television, the television production subsidiary of 20th Century Fox, and a production arm of which organization?
Who is younger, Patricio Guzmán Lozanes or Gil Kenan?
What is the city, that CFRE-DT is located in, surrounded by?
Pay the Ghost starred which actress who had a role in Prison Break?
Goin' South starred an actor who was a cast member on what show? 
What MLB player is the Home Run record holder of Joyce Park?
Who created the web television show in which Zackary Arthur played as Zack Novak?
Why was the Narvaez expedition important to Spanish Florida?
Snowmasters products were used in the Back to December video by an American singer-songwriter who is one of the leading contemporary recording artists, and was born on December 13th in what year?
Who is a supporting cast member in the series Thorne, who has also starred in the American film Ronin?
Who won more Nobel prizes, Thomas Mann or T. R. Pearson?
Which Australian politician with a degree in law from the University of Melbourne led the incumbent Liberal Party of Australia to election in 1966? 
Vera Lynn 100 is a compilation album that features collaborations with a an English tenor and actor, notably performing in what?
Which film was created first, Volcanic Sprint or Burden of Dreams?
Between FH Joanneum and Old Dominion University, which institute is larger in terms of the number of enrolled students?
When was the bridge collapsed whose re-building process was going during theopening ceremony of  2001 16th Maccabiah Games?
What is the highest US court that heard both the Marsh v. Chambers and Clinton v. City of New York cases? 
What is the birthday of the running back that U.S Route 34 in Illinois is named after?
Which was formed first, The Telescopes or Saving Abel?
Queen Clea was a villainess along with the fictional character created by whom?
Ylvis recorded the music video for the song that was the top trending video on YouTube for which year?
What is the species name of the animal in which the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga has as a mascot?
What 2005 film did the co-founder of fashion label Marchesa appear in?
Which Oklahoma All-American defensive tackle helped the 2010 Tampa Bay Buccaneers achieve the best turnaround in franchise history?
What Norwegian heiress, is the daughter of the owner of Norwegian holding company Ferd?
Were Maurice White and Carol Decker both singers?
What hit song, sung by Rihanna was featured on her fifth studio album "Loud" and reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100?
With what weapon did did the subject of Summer of Sam perpetuate his murders?
Who was the temple that Herostratus sought to destroy dedicated to?
In which issue did this fictional superhero in the DC Comics Universe, who was killed by Captain Cold, make his first full appearance?
The Way of the Gun starred the Puerto Rican actor who won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for which 2000 film?
During the 1950s, Derek Saunders played for what professional football club that was based in Fulham London?
What Shane Acker directed film stars the voice of Elijah Wood and was based on a short film of the same name?
Joel Hamling made his debut against Greater Western Sydney at a multi-purpose sports and entertainment stadium who had what working name when construction started in October, 1997?
Kevin Olekaibe plays for the team that competes in what league?
What is the name of the bookstore that Karen Louise Erdich owns?
The last person to be shot by the terrorist, who renmaed himself Fjotolf Hansen, was shot in which city of Norway?
In what year was the star of A Time for Dancing born?
What state in East Asia is the city Taitung located?
Are both Appleton International Airport and Colorado Springs Airport located in Colorado?
Which game, Modern Art or GridIron Master, is of Canadian origins?
In what city and state is The AXIS located?
Scott Cooley was best known for his association with a gunman born in what year?
Afrikan tähti and Mutant Meeples, are what specific form of entertainment?
What actress stars in Trixie and Breaking the waves?
Of Matthew Tuck and Daron Malakian, whom is older?
What country singer born in 1948 sang "I was Country Before Country was Cool?"
In which country is the agency that the Titan Mare Explorer was proposed to part of the federal government?
What entail was this castle which Sir Patrick Hepburn was of historically part of?
Andy Warhol's Bad was directed by a man who also had what occupation?
Are Corona and Pepsi Max both made by PepsiCo?
What county was represented by the politician who finished behind Paul LePage and a lawyer in the Maine race for Governor in 2010?
Ronald "Ron" de Moraes won an award for his work on a parade aired on what network?
What other country was the queen who launched Dannebrog, also a queen for between 1918 and 1944?
What type of fils are the "For the Bible Tells Me So" and "Death on the Rock" ?
Which 1997 American comedy film starred Christina Ricci and Doug E. Doug, That Darn Cat or Jungle 2 Jungle?
Renaissance: Sequential Vol is what by an Argentinian house DJ?
What American best selling author, photographer started "Humans of New York" in 2010?
Katharine McPhee gained fame from working with Susan Marshall in what season of American Idol?
When was the music video featuring the Chairman of the Board of the Religious Technology Center made?
What award does James Franck and Humboldt University of Berlin have in common?
Who was the desiner for the further developments of Aquila which became 14-cylinder two-row radial aircraft engine?
Who wrote the script for a 2002 film directed by Steven Spielberg starring Tom Hanks?
What actor  that is the recipient of a National Film Award and a Filmfare Award after three nominations, appeared in a romantic Hindi song from the 2014 Bollywood film, "CityLights" music video?
Mount Cardigan is a prominent bare-rock summit in the towns of Orange and Alexandria, a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, in which country?
What heavyweight world champion boxer appeared on Le Noche del 10?
Romilda Pantaleoni is associated with her roles of La Gioconda and Margherita in what opera
Alicja Bachleda-Curuś has made an appearance in which 1999 Andrzej Wajda film?
What is the name of the American actor, producer and singer, who began his career on the Off-Broadway stage and then in television in the 1980s, who makes a special appearance in the Chinese action war drama called 'The Bombing'?
Robert Crandall, called an industry legend by observers, is responsible for coining what term, regarding a pricing strategy, based on understanding, anticipating and influencing consumer behavior in order to maximize revenue or profits from a fixed, time-limited resource?
This fort in the Winter Island in Salem saw combat in this war between the Dutch and English?
Main-Franconian, is a group of Upper German dialects being part of the East Franconian group, Upper German, is a family of which tform of languages, spoken primarily in the southern German-speaking area?
Are Nagisa Oshima and David Hewlett of the same nationality?
The James River provides the main drainage between two plateau regions, the large plateau on the eastern side and which other plateau?
What was the profession of the man who equalled Olivia O'toole's record of 54 international goals?
Were Lessons of Darkness and Best Friend Forgotten directed by different people?
While True West Magazine is an American magazine relating to Old West history, what is Games magazine about?
Gyp Rosetti worked for the boss of which New York Crime Family?
Who logged more hours in space, James P. Bagian or Edward Avedisian
To what country did Iannis Xenakis flee in the same year that Mark Kidel was born?
Heaven's Gate was an American UFO religious millenarian group, based in San Diego, California, founded in 1974 and led by who, also known as "Bo" and "Do", among other names, was an American cult leader who founded what became known as the Heaven's Gate religious group, and organized their mass suicide in 1997, claiming the lives of thirty-nine people?
How many acres is this rural estate in Lancanshire, England, that is also the death place of Sylvester Joseph Hunter?
One team in Tallinn refers to a football match scheduled for 9 October 1996, in World Cup qualifying European Group 4 between the national teams of Estonia and Scotland, the replayed match, staged at which stadium located in the Fontvieille district of Monaco?
Elaine Thompson was the first female to win gold in both the 100m and 200m since which track star of the 1980s?
Which COO of MGM Resorts oversees operations at New York-New York Hotel and Casino located on the Las Vegas Strip?
Which 1990 movie starring Jared Rushton was based on an young-adult wilderness survival novel?
Are Mary Doria Russell and Alexander Blok both novelists?
Which film was produced first, Gay Sex in the 70s or Listen to Britain?
When was the American singer, rapper, songwriter and actor born who's song is "Bawitdaba"?
Robert Selander is the Chief Executive Officer for what American multinational financial corporation?
What American-Canadian singer and actress was featured regularly on season three of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", as well as "Felicity", and "Flashpoint"?
What job do both Robert Z. Leonard and Lou Ye have in common?
Saori Hayami, a Japanese voice actress and singer, had a major voice role in what web novel series, also known in Japanese as Mahōka Kōkō no Rettōsei?
St Michael's Church is in the village and civil parish in the district between which two towns?
Which of the film in which Jeremy Irvine had a role is a 2012 British teen drama film directed by Ol Parker?
When was the Opera that Annie Krull is most remembered today for having created the title role preformed?
Which American singer, songwriter, actress and television personality.cover song was featured in House M.D. Original Television Soundtrack
Cus D'Amato who developed Peek-a-Boo boxing trained boxers who eventually became members of which Hall of Fame?
Are Maurice Maeterlinck and Kingsley Amis both English writers?
Doomquest establishes which Marvel Comics supervillain, the archenemy of the Fantastic Four?
What haircut was popularized by the actress who starred in the 1928 film A Girl in Every Port?
Dodge Durango and Dodge Dakota both featured a ?
Who currently owns the holet and casino which provided the free nightly show "The Sirens of TI"?
Omar Fadel's award winning composition can be found in the 2012 dark British satire film directed by what director?
A single of Release the Stars which peaked at number 54 was written by whom?
when was the American professional baseball team that Robert MacDougal pitch for founded?
What digital audio software came bundled with Linux's Puredyne?
What is the investment cost of the center soon to be located in Jackson Park?
Were both Sinclair Lewis and Kahlil Gibran from America?
The actor that plays Luke Ross on the series "Jessie" also performed what song released in 2017 by Walt Disney Records?
Do Alan Alda and Denys Arcand have the same nationality ?
When was English singer and songwriter was born who wrote the song Fly on the Wall and was he became the third lead singer of AC/DC?
What association did the artists manager of the band consisting of lead vocalist Chibi, rhythm guitarist Rainbow, lead guitarist Falcore, drummer Rhim, keyboardist Owen, and bassist Nate Manor launch? 
The Carnival Ecstasy was christened by an American television host that was born in what year?
The Laboratory for Energy Conversion  is part of the engineering and math university in what country?
What was the occupation of Manikanth Kadri's father?
Strike It Rich starred what member of "The Facts of Life"?
Which book, being the first of three volumes of the epic novel "The Lord of the Rings", is where the Old Forest makes its first and main appearance?
Which American Civil Rights leader was friends with Otis Moss Jr. and had a father who was born in 1899? 
What country is the Domain railway station being built in?
Which of the corporation to which  APM Automation Solutions recently became a part is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Ferguson, Missouri, United States?
Did both Battle of Chancellorsville and Battle of Pusan Perimeter take place on the same continent?
What are Koshi Inaba and Martin Degville knowns for?
What American rock band from Tallahassee, Florida have showcased alternative rock bands along with many other groups?
Janatha Garage, is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action drama film, stars include which Indian film actress and playback singer, and has acted in Malayalam, Telugu, Tamil and Kannada films?
Beside, "Phil Spector Wall Of Sound Orchestra, what other names were the band the documentary "The Wrecking Crew" was made after called?
Everybody Draw Mohammed Day (or "Draw Mohammed Day") was a 2010 event in support of artists threatened with violence for drawing representations of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, it stemmed from a protest against censorship of the American television show "South Park" which specific episode, in response to death threats that had been made against some of those responsible for two segments broadcast, in which episode, a superhero-like group of religious figures team up to save South Park from the celebrities and their monster Mecha-Streisand, while Eric Cartman learns the true identity of his father?
Which plant is native to Southern Africa, Anacampseros or Prostanthera?
What county is the town in Nevada in that has a feature listed with the United States National Register of Historic Places?
When was Star Island by Carl Hiaasen released?
What is the medium sized marine animal that is part of the order of placental mammals?
USS McCampbell is named in honor of a man born in what year?
Novelists Gerhart Hauptmann and Mario Vargas Llosa both won the Nobel Prize in Literature but in which year did Llosa most recently accomplish it?
The RBE2 (Radar à Balayage Electronique 2 plans) is a multirole radar developed during the 1990s for the Dassault Rafale, a French twin-engine, canard delta wing, multirole fighter aircraft designed and built by which organization?
Newton's law of universal gravitation states that a particle attracts every other particle in the universe using a force that is directly proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between their centers, when Newton's book was presented in 1686 to the Royal Society, which English natural philosopher, architect and polymath, made a claim that Newton had obtained the inverse square law from him?
To which professional American basketball team was a former Atlanta Hawks and Los Angeles Clippers player traded during a season for the Chicago Bulls in which they finished in last place in the Central Division?
Who, Richard Benjamin or Sergio Leone, is an American actor and film director?
The Pineapple Bowl was replaced by which National Collegiate Athletic Association Football Bowl Subdivision (then known as Division I-A) college football bowl game played in Honolulu, Hawaii at Aloha Stadium?
New Slaves and Watch the Throne share recording credits from what artist?
The Nexus 10 is a tablet computer co-developed by Samsung Electronics, a, the world's second largest information technology company by revenue after which company?
Who directed the American comedy-drama film spoofed by "My Big Fat Independent Movie"?
What state did the American actor who starred in both Tragedy Girls and Miracle Dogs come from?
What adult film star is known as The Queen of Porn?
 Are "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" and "The Graveyard Book" productions of the same medium?
Where was the band formed that recorded the song "While You Loved Me"?
